this, right? There is
no value in me
reviewing this. So there
we go. We just
got the documentation phase.
And in a moment
here, this is going
to ship all the
way out to prod.
In our case, prod
is just pushing to
the main branch. There's
nothing very easy to
see here, but for
you, this will be
your deploy, go to
staging, go to production,
however your engineering is
configured. How are we
going to round out
tactical agent decoding, right?
What has this all
been about? Obviously here,
you can see the
trend. It's about the
agentic layer, but let
me just share the
secret with you. Zero
touch engineering is the
next stage in the
velocity scale. This is